Germany began in 2024.
Hundreds of thousands of people protested against extremism and the AfD.
They feared that the representatives of the party would turn democracy and Nazis could come to power again.
The media houses are reported to be corrective,
according to which AFD politicians took part in a meeting with right-wing extremists.
They should have said that people with migration history from Germany should be pushed away in large numbers.
The AfD has proposed that it follows the kind of constitutional plans.
However, the party has been guarded by the Federal Constitutional Protection Agency for years.
The German intelligence service has already approved the AfD in 2021 as the so-called suspect case for right-wing extremists.
And this is justified, as the Supreme Court has now decided in Münster.
It corresponds to the political goal of the party to recognize that the German government with migration background
is only a legal lower status than the understanding of the AfD ethnically German.
This is an irresistible discrimination on the basis of abstinence.
And with the human being, the guarantee of the basic law is not to be unified.
So the judges see enough points in total to at least reason the suspect
that the AfD is against the free democratic basic order of the German court.
This means that the protection of the Constitution can be observed by certain people in the party,
informants, and their own hidden employees.
This is why it is important to protect the state from extremists.
A lower status for the AfD, which complied against the Constitutional Protection Agency
and introduced a flood of 470 proofs.
After the end of the process, the AfD representatives claimed to be victims of justice
and accused the judge against the crime.
It was too short of a process. We had no chance of fair representation of our opponents.
And if you look at the overall trial, we have to find out what the main reasons were
that make us suspicious.
And even today, on the day of the trial, it is still not yet clear.
I would like to say that we have put thousands of pages of documents
with appropriate quotes of the court and the AfD themselves.
These quotes are exactly covered with data
and with which opportunity the affected persons have made certain exceptions.
And it is not just about the small, independent parties,
but it is also about the exception of leading protagonists of the AfD party.
By the way, Björn Höcke is the head of the AfD party in the Bundesland Thüringen.
He is allowed to be called fascist according to a court judgment.
Höcke spreads a nationwide nationalist ideology and conspiracy.
He claims that Germany stands before the people's death,
because the ruling parties would obviously besiege the country with migrants.
The former history teacher was supposed to have used a forbidden Nazi word
and was now personally in court for the first time.
Further processes should follow.
Höcke wants to become Prime Minister.
In autumn, Landtagswahl is in Thüringen.
In order to ask, the AfD sees there at 30 percent, the strongest power.
We can see very well that the whole attempt to classify the AfD and individual politicians
as extremists and populists is not a special hindrance
for the rise of the AfD.
The AfD-Landesverbände in Thüringen, Sachsen and Sachsen-Anhalt
have already been insured as right-wing extremists.
This is not yet valid for the AfD.
The court in Münster has only been confirmed by the suspect case.
Next, the whole AfD will also be considered as a witness of right-wing extremism.
And how a court would then evaluate it is open.
In the right-wing state, independent courts decide.
This distinguishes our democracy in Germany from the dictators for which some of the AfD is enthusiastic.
The internal minister therefore plays a scandal on Maximilian Krah,
the AfD's top candidate for the European elections on the 9th of June.
Krah's co-worker is supposed to have spying on China and is sitting in search of it.
In addition, there is the accusation that Krah himself received money from China and Russia.
The last suspect is also against the number two of the AfD in the European elections, Peter Bustron.
Both politicians argue about the accusation.
After Münster's judgment, a debate on this is being held in Germany.
In a current debate, the AfD still has two strongest powers in Germany.
With 17 percent, however, it has lost.
At the beginning of the year, when the demonstrations began, it was still 23 percent.